(FIRE SIZZLES)
(ANIMAL SQUAWKS)
(MYSTERIOUS MUSIC)
MAN: To the south,
there were bushfires.
To the west, there were bushfires.
In every direction,
roads were cut off...
WOMAN: ..and labelled the worst
fire season ever recorded.
The country is burning.
WOMAN: More than $55 million
has been raised
for the rural
fire service.
(SPEAKS FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
WOMAN: More than one billion animals
that have been killed as a result.
WOMAN: Military helicopters
and fixed-wing aircraft
are being prepared for bushfire
evacuations in the state.
MAN: It's like a war zone.
Everything's just gone.
(HEAVY BREATHING)
This is an emergency warning
for Kooryang Point
and surrounding areas.
There is a bushfire to the west
that is out of control,
and with the current wind direction
is moving towards town.
(HUBBUB)
The main road remains closed
and there is now no way in or out.
Assembly areas are established
at the wharf and beach.
Move to the beach or the wharf.
Foot traffic only
and vehicles park over here.
(INDISTINCT RADIO COMMUNICATION)
No need to panic, but keep moving.
(SPEAKS FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
You are in danger
and need to act immediately
in order to survive.
It is too late to leave.
MAN ON MEGAPHONE: Tourists,
if you don't know where to go,
follow the path to the wharf.
(SPEAK FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
ADUT: Arrgh!
MAN ON MEGAPHONE: Keep going.
Keep moving.
Proceed to either
the beach or the wharf.
Baba! Mama!
Keep going. Keep moving.
Proceed to either
the beach or the wharf.
(HUBBUB CONTINUES)
Keep going. Keep moving.
Proceed to either
the beach or the wharf.
Baba!
Baba?
WOMAN ON RADIO: It's looking
pretty bad up here.
I can see the actual front
approaching.
It's maybe 20, 30km away.
Moving pretty damn fast.
Well, thank you for the call
and you stay safe.
That information is for anyone still
in the vicinity of Dulverton Ridge.
Fire is approaching.
Shelter in place.
It's 8:21am, December 31.
Not quite the New Year's Eve
anyone was planning.
Certainly not what I had in mind.
But you play the hand
you're dealt, don't you?
I'm Caris Mazzeo.
This is your community station.
Stay tuned
for the latest information
in this unfolding emergency.
(DISTANT RUMBLING)
(GENTLE MUSIC PLAYS)
This is a song that my husband,
Bruno, used to play
when he wanted to relax.
And we could all do with that
right now, couldn't we?
This is for you, my love.
SONG: # Evie
# There seems so much to say... #
WOMAN: Adut!
MAN: Adut!
ALEK: I'm tired. Where are we going?
Adut!
I'm tired.
Where are we going?
Stop it!
We're looking for your sister. Adut!
Adut! Adut!
I think I remember that fence.
(SPEAKS FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
MAN: Excuse me.
I told you three days ago, Madit.
We should've gone home.
(BOTH SPEAK FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
I will find Adut
and I will meet you there.
No. We stay together.
We'll look for her together.
(SPEAKS FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
('EVIE PART 2' CONTINUES)
Paddy, I know it's hell
for everybody,
but I have barely had a breath of
fresh air for a day and a half.
I didn't bring a toothbrush
and the inside of my mouth
feels like a shag pile right now.
So if you can't come, can you please
get someone else to relieve me?
Please.
# I wanna thank you now
# For giving me this... #
Boss. Hey?
That's all your food.
Hey!
Dickhead! Drop it!
That's my stuff!
Uhh!
Hey!
Shit!
(MUTTERS)
Kid! Hey.
What the hell are you doing?
Look. Come here.
Up you get. You're right.
There you go, no dramas.
Tough kid.
These your towels?
Got 'em? Off you go.
But...
What?
..I don't know where to go.
I lost my parents
and now I can't find them.
I need a phone.
What?
Have you got a phone?
OK. Dammit.
Here. Give me those. Here you go.
Call them.
You know how to use that?
It's not working.
Yes, it is.
Press the numbers.
Shit.
(SOFTLY) Fuck.
The tower's out.
Um, OK.
Alright, so what do they look like?
They're tall and black.
Like me.
Come on, kid.
Fuck. I can give you
five minutes, OK?
10 minutes tops.
I've gotta get back to my place.
It's in the firing line of that.
You understand?
Mm-hm.
Do you wanna come with me?
OK.
Alright, well, we gotta move.
So let's go.
The dog, he's Boss.
Come on. Boss! (WHISTLES)
I'm Doug. What's your name?
Adut.
What?
Adut?
Like Adut Akech, the model.
Right, that's great.
So you wanna be a model, do ya?
Nah, I wanna be an engineer.
MADIT: Adut! Adut!
MAN: Listen to instructions.
(CHATTER AND LAUGHTER)
This way, guys.
We're running out of time.
Adut!
(BABY CRIES)
(MADIT SPEAKS INDISTINCTLY)
Adut!
Excuse me,
I'm looking for my daughter.
She's 10 years old.
She's about this tall.
I haven't seen her, no. Sorry.
Zac, just relax.
Sorry.
Excuse me,
I'm looking for my daughter.
She's 10 years old.
She's about this tall.
DOUG: Her parents have gotta be here
somewhere, OK?
She's not my kid.
I can't stay with her, alright?
I've got my place,
my tools, workshop.
I've gotta go and protect that.
Some help, please? Please, someone!
One minute.
Can someone...
Wait!
..help my wife, please?
(INDISTINCT RADIO COMMUNICATION)
Look, you stay here, alright?
It's safe here, OK?
Someone will...they'll...they'll come
and sort you out soon, OK?
No, no, no, no. You stay.
Just stay there.
(PEOPLE CHATTER,
RADIO COMMUNICATION CONTINUES)
MAN: Keep moving through.
MAN ON RADIO: The fire front is
continuing to move towards town
and some houses on the outskirts
have unfortunately
already been lost.
MADIT: I'm looking for my daughter.
She's about 10 years old
and this tall.
Have you guys seen her?
MAN: Sorry, mate.
Madit.
I cannot find her.
I wanna sit down.
We're looking for your sister.
MAN ON RADIO: I can't stress enough
the importance of staying tuned
for updates.
A wind change has been forecast,
which will help,
but we don't know
when that will happen.
So the situation
remains unpredictable.
Alright. Well, thank you,
Incident Controller Farrelly
from the VFA.
I'll let you go.
I know how busy you are.
Oh! It looks like my replacement
is here.
So I'll be leaving you
in their capable hands.
Coming up to news time.
Here's a word
from one of our sponsors.
WOMAN: Looking for
something to do tonight?
The RSL offers a restaurant and bar,
community bus and nightly...
CARIS: About time.
(SIRENS WAIL)
You.
What do you want?
We need to get a message out.
My mum's in Wangaratta.
She's freaking out.
You were talking to the VFA.
So you've got a phone that works.
You want me to help you?
After what you did?
Only station volunteers
and invited guests
are allowed into the studio.
Can't help you.
My mum says she's gonna drive here,
through the fires.
She can't. The road is closed.
That won't stop her.
She's a major stress-head.
Because of his disability
and everything.
Please.
One call. That's it.
Not you!
I'm his interpreter.
(SIGHS) Alright.
(WISTFUL MUSIC)
Good boy. Hey. OK.
What are you doing back here?
My parents weren't at the tent.
They won't know where to go
to find me.
Well, have a look around, kid.
Hey? Can you see 'em here?
They're not with me.
(P.A. SYSTEM BEEPS)
MAN ON P.A.: This is an emergency
warning for evacuees.
There is a large fire front
moving towards Kooryang...
(CONTINUES SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY)
You're a fuckin'
pain in the arse, kid.
And you swear too much.
(ANNOUNCEMENT CONTINUES
INDISTINCTLY)
You're not my problem.
(BARKS)
What?
Shut up.
Come on.
WOMAN ON SPEAKERPHONE:
I can still come.
I'll wait at the roadblock
till it opens.
I can't just sit around.
Don't touch anything.
I'm stressed.
We'll be OK, Aunty M.
We'll be fine at the wharf
with Mum.
It'll be fine.
Yeah, it's cool. Really.
It is far from cool, Barney.
Your grandad is beside himself.
Jai, don't sign this.
Alright.
He's all I've got, OK?
Just stay safe.
All of you.
We will.
'Bye. (HANGS UP)
Thanks. We're going to go...
You really are a little shit.
Aren't you?
Can you understand what I'm saying?
No, I'm deaf.
This cousin of yours.
Did you know he was a criminal?
No.
He tagged my front fence.
I'd only just had it painted.
I saw you. Don't deny it.
My husband was a sick man
when you vandalised our home.
And I had to deal with that
in between going to the hospital.
You kids, you go around,
you don't care.
You just destroy things.
You don't care about the people
left behind to clean it all up.
Don't you walk away from me.
I want an apology.
(SCOFFS)
Piss off!
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I'm...
I didn't mean...
(SOLEMN MUSIC)
(OMINOUS RUMBLING)
Oh.
(CROWD MURMURS)
It's alright, Zoe, it's OK.
MAN: What's going on?
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
(RUMBLING)
(CLANG!)
(ELECTRICITY BUZZES)
(OMINOUS MUSIC)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
DOUG: Adut?
Adut! Come on. Come on.
It's not safe here.
We're gonna go back
to my place, alright?
Now, when we get there,
you're gonna stay in this tinnie
with Boss, alright?
Until I finish doing
what I gotta do.
But what about my parents?
Hey?
And my sister.
It's alright.
We'll...we'll find them
once this passes. I promise ya.
Mummy!
MAN: Don't panic.
It's just smoke blocking the sun.
Keep it up. No need to run.
Everything's OK. Just keep moving.
Nice and steady, but keep moving.
It's gonna be much safer
in the water.
But I can't swim.
(CHUCKLES)
That's OK.
Don't worry. Yep.
I got something for ya, OK?
Here, put your arms up.
There.
Now...this life jacket
is gonna be big for ya.
So if this boat tips over,
which it's not going to,
you're going to have to
hold on tight up here,
so you don't slip out, alright?
No, you'll be fine.
(GRUNTS)
Unless you need medical attention,
keep on moving, onto the wharf.
And at the front of the wharf,
keep going down.
We've got more people to come on.
Excuse me.
We're looking for our daughter.
Sorry?
My daughter. She's 10 years old.
Ah, if she's here,
she'll be on the wharf.
Please help us.
We've already looked there.
Everyone's down there.
Come on, guys, keep moving.
Look, there's nowhere else
she could be.
Adut!
We've evacuated the area.
MADIT: Adut! Adut!
(MOTOR HUMS)
(FOREBODING MUSIC)
I've just spoken to the VFA
and they inform me that
there's a large pyrocumulus cloud
formed by the fire,
it's starting to bend
and it is actually leaning over us.
That's what's cutting out the light.
There's no reason to panic,
but there will be ash
and embers in the cloud,
so we need to keep
following instruction...
No. (CLICKS BUTTONS)
No.
(GRUNTS)
Oh, God, that's it. That's it.
Goddammit.
I've gotta get back on air.
Have you got a generator?
A what?!
A generator.
They should...they should have one.
Well, I...I don't know.
I don't remember where it is.
Do you know
where the power board is?
Ah...out the back.
Out the back maybe.
Show me.
(SIGHS)
I think it's just downstairs.
(RUMBLING)
MAN ON RADIO: We apologise for the
disruption to our transmission.
Normal service will resume shortly.
(COUGHING)
We apologise for the disruption
to our transmission.
Normal service will resume shortly.
What's this, hey?
It's an old-fashioned camp-out.
You OK?
I'm good.
Good. (KISSES)
Where are the boys?
They went to the radio station
to call your sister.
Shit.
It was Jai's idea.
(SIGHS) I'm gonna kill that kid.
What's happening?
The fire's hitting houses on the
outskirts of town. It's close.
We apologise for the disruption
to our transmission.
Normal service will resume shortly.
The radio station's brick.
It's probably safer than here.
Yeah.
I gotta get back.
I've got a call-out.
Don't go, Dad.
It's OK, Ellsy.
Don't let him go.
Please, Mum.
Nothing is gonna happen to me.
We're all gonna be OK, alright?
Right.
I love you.
MAN ON RADIO: ..disruption
to our transmission.
Normal service will resume shortly.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
(HELICOPTER WHIRRS)
(PHONE RINGS)
JAI: Hello?
(STATIC BUZZ ON PHONE)
Hello.
(STATIC)
MAN ON PHONE: I need help!
What?
Help me, please! I need help!
(STATIC AND CRACKLING)
Well, what do you want me...
(LINE DISCONNECTS)
Hello?
(OMINOUS MUSIC)
(MOTOR GROWLS AND STOPS)
DOUG: Right.
(GRUNTS) OK. OK.
OK.
Now...
Here. Adut.
If it gets too smoky, you just
hold that in front of your mouth.
Just like that.
Like that. Yeah, yeah.
Hey, you stay, OK?
(BOSS PANTS)
Look after him.
Don't let him follow me.
I'll be back soon as I can. Stay!
MAN ON RADIO: Apologies for the
disruption to our transmission.
Normal service will resume shortly.
(CLICKING)
(MACHINE BEEPS)
Alright. Let's get this thing going.
(DOOR SHUTS)
Guys, someone...
Oh, good Lord.
I need to get back on the air now.
Some...someone called.
You need to reboot it.
A man.
I can probably do it.
A man called.
(PHONE RINGS)
Hold, please.
An...answer the phone.
Are you sure? This is very
sophisticated equipment...
Please. Please, guys, I'm serious.
It's a base model mixing console.
I can do it.
Alright, go ahead.
Answer the fucking phone!
(PHONE BEEPS)
Hello?
(STATIC)
MAN ON PHONE: Hello.
I'm in my car.
I don't know which way to go.
The fires are everywhere.
Where are you?
Flinders Hill.
Flinders Hill? That's miles away.
I left the house.
I shouldn't have.
But the fire was right at the back.
I came down Gordon's Road.
I should have taken a right.
But I couldn't see and now
I don't know how far I've gone.
We're...we're gonna get you help, OK?
Please!
We're gonna help you.
Alright, tell us where you are and
I can get the VFA to come to you.
You said Gordon's Road? Whereabouts?
I passed Lock Street,
I'm sure it was.
Are you heading east or west?
East.
No, west.
I don't know.
I can't see. It's so dark.
It's going to be OK.
You're gonna be alright.
I don't think I can see it.
Look, I can get the fire brigade
to come to you
but you need to tell me
exactly where you are.
I don't know!
No, listen. Listen to me.
I need you to stop and think.
East or west?
I couldn't see him.
(STATIC)
It's so loud.
Help me.
I don't know what is happening.
Help me. Help...
(WHOOSH, LINE DISCONNECTS)
Barney, we need to find Dad.
He can help.
I'll call the VFA. He'll find him.
(DOOR SHUTS)
Answer the goddamn phone.
(GRUNTS AND COUGHS)
(COUGHS)
(RUMBLING CONTINUES)
Come on. Come on.
(MOTOR FALSE STARTS)
Fucker.
Ahh! (GRUNTS)
Come on.
(GRUNTS)
Fuck off!
JAI: Dad!
(MAN SPEAKS INDISTINCTLY ON RADIO)
Jai, Jesus!
What do you think you're doing?
Flinders Hill.
You have to go there.
A man phoned the station.
He's caught in the fire.
Where's Barney?
The radio station. The man, Dad.
Gordon's Road, near Lock Road.
He's there now. Come on.
Jai, listen.
He's...he's in his car.
I told him I'd get help. We can't
just stay here and do nothing...
Jai! I can't go to Flinders Hill.
OK? Our job is here now.
Protecting the town.
Flinders Hill is gone.
(INDISTINCT RADIO COMMUNICATION)
I'm sorry, son.
We gotta go now, Raf.
(SIGHS)
Barney will be OK at the station,
but you need to go to the wharf.
Dad.
(TYPES ON KEYBOARD)
(SIGHS)
Oh, gosh.
Oh.
Ah, we're back.
Um, apologies for the hiccup.
As you're probably aware,
we've lost power
and I have an urgent update
from the VFA.
The fire has reached
the edge of town.
VFA trucks are falling back
and will surround
the designated safer places
as a last line of defence.
If you hear the sirens,
you must take immediate steps
to protect yourself.
What does that mean?
Do we have to go in the water?
I can't do that.
Here.
Take off your shoes, hon.
We might have to go for a swim.
I don't wanna swim.
It's OK. Come on.
Come on, buddy, get up.
CARIS ON RADIO: Hold on, everyone.
ADUT: Boss, stay here.
CARIS: And good luck.
(BOSS BARKS)
(CARIS SIGHS)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
Jai.
Oh, thank God you're here.
Where's Barney?
He's at the radio station.
Well, is he OK?
Yeah, he's fine. He's fine.
It's OK. Come here.
(LOUD RUMBLING)
(FOREBODING MUSIC)
(DISTANT BOOMS)
(LOUD BOOMS)
(HELICOPTER WHIRRS)
(BANG!)
(CROWD EXCLAIMS)
Madit.
(SPEAKS FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
(SIREN WAILS)
You're safe.
Your family is here.
(SPEAKS FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
(SIZZLES)
(LOUD EXPLOSION, RUMBLING)
Doug?
DOUG: No!
(GRUNTS)
Fuck!
Come on, fucker!
Doug!
(BOSS BARKS AND WHIMPERS)
No, Boss.
No! Boss, no! Boss, come back!
(TENSE MUSIC)
(WHISTLES)
Boss!
Doug, I'm sorry!
Hey! What are you doing here?
I told you to stay on the boat
with Boss.
He got out.
You were supposed to keep hold
of him.
I couldn't!
I can't look after you, kid.
You understand that?
I can't look after ya!
Oh! Look out!
(WIND HOWLS, FLAMES CRACKLE)
(WISTFUL MUSIC)
Boss. (WHISTLES)
Come on. Come on.
Let's get back to the boat. Come on.
Start running. Come on.
Let's go. Let's go.
(WAVES LAP)
(DISTANT RUMBLING)
(WIND HOWLS)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
ELLSY: What is it?
I don't know.
(MOTOR HUMS)
(MOTOR STOPS)
(BOOMING SOUNDS)
(EXPLOSIONS)
(WISTFUL MUSIC)
(CRACKLING)
Nope. No.
MAN ON RADIO: The wind change
has pushed the fire away from town
and back onto sections
which have already burned.
There's no fuel load left so the
fire's starting to burn itself out.
Sorry, just...
That's fine.
To be absolutely clear,
are we safe?
The emergency warning
is no longer in place.
The immediate danger has passed.
Thank you,
Incident Controller Farrelly.
Right.
We're OK. Thank God.
You heard the man. The immediate
danger has passed. We're safe.
(WHOOPING AND CHEERING)
Thanks, mate.
Yeah.
How about we get you back
to your parents, huh?
Yeah.
SONG ON RADIO: # Should old
acquaintance be forgot... #
I know it's early...
# And never brought to... #
..but Happy New Year, everyone.
# Should old acquaintance... #
Ooooh!
# Be forgot... #
You know, God didn't have anything
to do with it, don't you?
# Lang syne
# For auld... #
(BOTH LAUGH)
# Lang syne, my dear
# For auld lang syne
# We'll take a cup
# Of kindness yet
# For auld lang syne
# We too have paddled
# In the brook
# From morn... #
Baba? Mama?
MAMA: Adut!
MADIT: Adut!
(SPEAKS FOREIGN LANGUAGE) Adut.
We were so worried!
Are you OK?
You alright?
What happened?
(SPEAKS FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
A man helped me. He's got a dog.
What man?
Where is he?
He's over...
# For auld lang syne
# My dear
# We'll take a cup
# Of kindness yet
# For auld lang syne. #
(RAIN PATTERS)
DOUG: Alright, go.
(SIGHS)
(UNZIPS)
(PEES)
(SIGHS)
(IGNITION SWITCH CLICKS REPEATEDLY)
Brekky. Here, here. Here you go.
Here you go. Up, up, up.
NEWSREADER: Thousands of homes
in New South Wales and Victoria
are still without power
after storms brought heavy rain
and flash flooding
to a number of towns and regions
in yet another...
RAF: Come on, mate. School.
..extreme weather event.
Only a short time ago,
these same areas...
Jai. School.
..were threatened by the bushfires
that raged through the nation.
Come on.
People who had only just begun
cleaning up after the fires
are now facing a clean-up
after the floods.
A low-pressure cell...
(DOOR OPENS)
..continues to move across...
(DOOR SHUTS)
..the whole region and the bad news
is there's still more rain...
(LAID-BACK BLUES PLAYS)
SONG: # Chasing away the snakes
in a day
# Run into trees and shrubs in a day
# She tried to leave my house... #
I'm Caris Mazzeo.
And if you've just joined us,
this is my new show,
The Listening Hour,
and we've got one of our regulars,
Graham, on the line.
How are you, my dear?
GRAHAM ON RADIO: Oh, you know.
Keeping on.
Still having the dreams, though.
Ah, the dreams.
BOY: Jai!
Well, tell us about it.
Hey, Jai, come see this!
The fire's there and I'm ready
to fight, but I'm...I'm stuck.
Jai!
My...my feet don't work.
Bro, what's up?
What are you doing, bro?
I can't move.
What's wrong with me?
Take your time, Graham.
I just want to not smell that smell
anymore.
The smoke...
..got into everything.
(SWITCHES STATION)
(SLOW MOODY ROCK MUSIC)
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACH)
Not again.
(KNOCKING)
I don't need any help.
(KNOCKING CONTINUES)
(GRUNTS)
(DOUG MUTTERS)
I haven't even got a dry chair
to offer you.
That's fine.
A cup of tea?
No, that's OK.
It's all I got. (CHUCKLES)
I applied for...temporary housing.
(CLICKS SWITCH)
They offered me some sort of pod,
like I'm a friggin' dolphin.
(LAUGHS)
We came to give you a gift
as a thank you
for taking care of Adut.
And for Boss too.
(KEEPS CLICKING THE SWITCH)
Please, take this.
Fuck! Shit.
(SIGHS)
(CLEARS THROAT)
(SPEAKS FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
Go on, honey.
Hey. That's... There you go.
That's from Adut.
You...you didn't have to.
So you can build a new home.
Uh...uh...
Thanks.
I'm talking with Andrew,
who's telling us
how he and his family
are bringing life back to their land
after the fires.
That's right.
Uh, as I was saying, the first thing
we did was go out to country,
put out water stations and molasses
to draw in the ants and the bees.
The pollinators.
From the insects, the cycle
just builds with bigger things.
Birds, animals come in.
And seeing them all come back,
we all have smiles on our faces.
We're that stoked.
Mm-hm.
We're the custodians of the land,
you know.
We should we looking after it,
but that link got broken.
Do you think that it's too late
to fix it?
I think, 'cause of the fires,
uh, everyone feels
a part of this now.
So I say to people...
..go outside, into the bush,
paddock, whatever...
..and just listen.
Something will catch your ear
or your eye...
Yeah.
..that just connects with you
and makes you feel like
you have to look after it.
That's how we'll fix things.
Look, Doug.
I made you a brand-new roof.
Smart idea.
Mmm.
She talks about you all the time,
you know?
Does she?
Mmm.
What does she say?
She says you swear a lot.
(BOTH CHUCKLE)
Suppose I do, yeah.
Do you have children?
Yeah.
No.
No. I did have.
I had a son.
He found this world
a really tough place.
And I wasn't there to...
16...16 years old.
I've been talking to Barney, said
you'd been a bit quiet of late.
We're Facebook friends now.
Just the usual stuff.
Not about...
Yeah.
Do you ever think about him?
The man who called?
Every day.
(SIGHS)
Jai, bad things happen.
It's so fucked up.
Yeah. I know.
I've had shit happen.
And you know what?
I felt sorry for myself
and angry with people too.
But it's just made me angrier
and sadder.
And I've decided
I don't want that anymore.
Hey? Reach out, Jai.
Talk to Barney.
You are not alone in this.
Truly.
I better go.
See ya.
Yeah.
(CLOCK TICKS)
(SIGHS)
(BIRDS SQUAWK)
(WAVES SPLASH)
(WATER RIPPLES)
(GENTLE PIANO MUSIC)
SONG: # It's our golden age
# Our golden age... #
(BIRD SQUAWKS)
# It's our golden age
# Our golden age
# Is here... #
MAMA: What type of house
do you wanna have?
DOUG: One with a roof.
(LAUGHS)
# Creation... #
That would work. (LAUGHS)
# An evil will be more clear
# The days we long for
# Are here... #
WOMAN: Think there'll be
another one?
MAN: I don't think there'll be
another one.
# It's our golden age
# Our golden age
# Our golden age... #
G'day, Liz.
WOMAN: Hello!
# Is here
# And I want you all
# To know... #
(BIRDS TWITTER)
# I love
# You so... #
(SONG CONTINUES OVER DIALOGUE)
# It's our golden age
# Our golden age
# Is here
# It's here
# It's here... #
(ALL CHANT)
(CHANTING CONTINUES)
# It's here... #
(BIRDS CHIRP)
(SONG ENDS)
(BIRD CAWS)
Captions by Red Bee Media
Copyright Australian
Broadcasting Corporation